US Census Blocks 2000

Introduction:

This dataset contains US Census Bureau 2000 data for the State of 
Florida.  The data contains selected fields from the Summary 1 file that 
includes information on total population, race, sex, age, and household.  This 
data is at the block level, the smallest unit of census data.  Using GIS 
techniques, it is possible to summarize the data by Block Group, Tract, Traffic 
Analysis Zone (TAZ), Zip Code Tabulation Area (ZCTA), or County.

File Naming Convention:

The files are named cenblkxx.* where xx stands for the FGDL County 
Code having the following associated county:

01	Alachua
02	Baker
03	Bay
04	Bradford
05	Brevard
06	Broward
07	Calhoun
08	Charlotte
09	Citrus
10	Clay
11	Collier
12	Columbia
13	Miami-Dade*
14	DeSoto
15	Dixie
16	Duval
17	Escambia
18	Flagler
19	Franklin
20	Gadsden
21	Gilchrist
22	Glades
23	Gulf
24	Hamilton
25	Hardee
26	Hendry
27	Hernando
28	Highlands
29	Hillsborough
30	Holmes
31	Indian River
32	Jackson
33	Jefferson
34	Lafayette
35	Lake
36	Lee
37	Leon
38	Levy
39	Liberty
40	Madison
41	Manatee
42	Marion
43	Martin
44	Monroe
45	Nassau
46	Okaloosa
47	Okeechobee
48	Orange
49	Osceola
50	Palm Beach
51	Pasco
52	Pinellas
53	Polk
54	Putnam
55	St. Johns
56	St. Lucie
57	Santa Rosa
58	Sarasota
59	Seminole
60	Sumter
61	Suwannee
62	Taylor
63	Union
64	Volusia
65	Wakulla
66	Walton
67	Washington

*Miami-Dade was previously named Dade

Metadata, Census Tables and Help:

In addition to the cenblk## shapefile, you'll also find metadata about the
dataset in text and html formats; census tables containing 900+ additional
census attributes; and help files that provide instructions for joining census
tables to the shapefile and for extracting different geographic boundaries
(e.g., TAZs, counties, etc.).

The Census_tables directory contains supplementary tables from the Summary 1 
file that can be joined to the shapefile.  The Summary 1 file has 39 different 
tables associated with it.  In order to condense the Summary 1 file we chose 
the 5 most important files as we saw fit (SF1, SF2, SF3, SF4, SF37).  These 5 
tables have over 1000 attribute fields that have demographic data on total 
population, race, sex, age, and household.  The dbf files are named SF1##, SF2##,
SF3##, SF4##, SF37##.  The number represents the county code for the individual 
county selected.

The Census_help directory contains help files on GIS techniques used to display
other census entities such as: Block Group, Tract, Traffic Analysis Zone (TAZ), 
Zip Code Tabulation Area (ZCTA), or County; and to join the supplemental tables
to the shapefile.  These help files include help for both ArcView 3.2 and 
ArcGis 8.1.





